Welcome back everyone.
We just learned about the basics of machine learning as well as the basis of classification metrics.
Now it's time to have a series of lectures on an introduction to the learning the next series of lectures
will cover the following topics we'll talk about neurons the artificial neurons and how they are influenced
by biological neurons then will understand how to build our own your own networks using artificial neurons
and then we'll learn how that works actually work by using cost functions and learning about great sense
and back propagation.
All of these topics are fundamental to the way that deep learning and neural networks actually perform.
Keep in mind Piers is going to do all this for us on the back in just a few simple wind calls.
But it's important to have an intuition for what is happening behind the scenes.
So keep in mind that the next series of lectures again is just intuition and theory.
We're really just going to be looking at slides and I know it's a lot of theory and a lot of slides
yet but I promise you're going to be coding and we're going to start that in the course space it's lecture
if you already have some sort of fundamental intuition over neural networks and how they perform then
you could if you want to just jump ahead to the space it's lecture and continue on from there.
It's really up to you and your previous experience but we're going to assume that you have no prior
knowledge on this.
So we'll continue on with the next series of lectures.
We'll see if.